# Key Performance Indicators

## 1. Low Latency 
**What** 
There is low latency in the time of detection, processing and action of events recorded by the mobile node.

**Why**
Low letency is important in firefighting instances as reaction time can drasticlaly change the outcome of certain events, such as those being alerted for.

**How**
This can be tested by assessing the time taken between a fall and the alert generated by the base node.

## 2. Location Accuracy
**What** 
When an alert is made, the location of the firefighter requiring assistance is within x distance of the actual location.

**Why** 
The environmental conditions of fire affected areas make it hard to navigate and locate individuals, increasing the location accuracy will redeuce response times and risk to the individuals acting on the alert.

**How**
This can be tested through assessing the loaction provided by the alert with the actual location of a known test point

## 3. Battery Life 
**What**
Long operation time and overall low battery requirement.

**Why**
For situations that require extended response time, such as cases of distress where the firefighter is unable to remove themself from the environment, it is important that the device is able to continue communication with the base node. Reducing the battery requirement will subsequently reduce the weight of the equipment being carried.

**How**
This can be indicated through an asessment of the power draw of the device as well as a test for battery life/ system uptime.

